REGR: Fix interpolation on empty dataframe (#35543)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.1.1.rst

- Fixed regression where :func:`read_csv` would raise a ``ValueError`` when ``pandas.options.mode.use_inf_as_na`` was set to ``True`` (:issue:`35493`).
- Fixed regression in :class:`pandas.core.groupby.RollingGroupby` where column selection was ignored (:issue:`35486`)

> - Fixed regression where :func:`interpolate` would raise a ``TypeError`` when the dataframe was empty (:issue:`35598`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed regression where :meth:`DataFrame.interpolate` would raise a ``TypeError`` when the :class:`DataFrame` was empty (:issue:`35598`).
```
